Project Outline:
Implement an interface within Autodesk Inventor to allow for dynamic
	integration of McMaster Carr catalog 3d models.

User Needs:
1. Runs in Windows 64-bit for Inventor 2019 software.
2. Use Inventor API to add Button for interface.
3. Use McMaster online catalog that has links to 3d models of the 
	majority of their items. Primarily hardware,fasteners etc.
4. Best to keep online interface from McMaster, and somehow open the 
	"form" in inventor to access.
5. Drag and drop from "mcmaster interface" into inventor, for either immediate
	drop into Assembly, or open as individual part.
6. Replace "add to cart" button in html with "add to assembly" or "open as part" buttons.
7. Take product information from online catalog and automatically import 
	into Inventor part file.
8. Implement a BIM export to send all McMaster-Carr items onto clipboard 
	with approriate QTY per assembly.

Possible Revisions after all other features:
Incorporate a "no model" warning for items that do not have corresponding 3d models.
Choose folder to save models per project, or per item.
Always on top.
Comments throughout code for future revising, if ever McMaster online changes.
If final release available, contact McMaster to check usability.
Solidworks Version??

Packages used to complete:
Autodesk Inventor Interop-2019
CEFSharp v57.0 for C# chromium embedding. v57.0 is built into Inventor 2019, though .WPF package is not, so that needs to 
	be included in release of .dll's.

Questions for users:
How would you like McMaster to interface with the CAD environment?
What sort of features would you like to see between the McMaster catalog and CAD?
Should you be able to open the "parts" straight from the catalog, or save them and open after, or both?
Do you want to see drag-drop from catalog to CAD?
Should the files be autopopulated with material properties and other valuable information?
Should all mcmaster components be saved to one folder, or should it ask everytime you pick a part?
What other features would be important?
If it doesn't have a model for a part, would you still want the properties, or should it just raise a flag and say "No Model Available"?

